Well, good evening, family.
Let's see here.
Braden has some news.
There's all kinds of stuff going on in the world today.
President Trump is upset, and should be, for the rigging of elections in California.
We know that there's a red wave by the spirit of God and what the Lord has showed us, but they're going to try to steal the election.
And I know, just like they did with Sleepy Joe and how they tried to do it last time, but it was too big to rig.
We already know what they're doing in certain counties and certain states.
Now, I know here we are—California, they still don't have all the vote count.
We don't have it all counted.
It's just this little area.
We got to wait till the votes come in, and now it's all going towards Democrats.
And so, we know what they're doing.
And so does the government, I'm sure.
President Trump, I know he has common sense; he knows what they're doing because they did it to him.
So, we pray for Spencer Pratt.
We pray for the governor's race and all the things that are taking place in California.
I believe that we're about to see one of the greatest revivals the world has ever seen before, and we're going to see it in California.
God's not done with California.
The greater the blue, the greater the revival.
That's what I keep saying.
That's what I heard when I was praying.
He said, 'Brandon, I...
' He's not freaking out about it.
'We're going to expose this ahead of time so it doesn't go into 2028.
We don't want this going into 2028.
We want the head of the snake to be cut off right now.
' And what a way to find it out before even November!
You know, this is before the prelude of November to vote them all in.
So, we got to fix this stuff before, and we know it's there.
So, we're going to go ahead now in the name of Jesus and find out where all this fraud is going on.
And we know it's in Minnesota; we know it's in a lot of places.
And so, what a way to find it out, huh?
So, we're going to keep praying, and we're going to keep believing God.
California is not done.
I believe Malibu is going to get a great shaking.
And like I said, I've had people email me and they say, 'Hey, Brandon, this is why we believe it's Malibu, and it's a bad commute.
There's, you know, all kinds of traffic and all this other stuff.
' But you know, I've never been to Malibu, but it sounds pretty.
And I thought, 'Well, what the Lord said: a major shaking's coming.
A major shaking's coming.
There will be signs and wonders following.
' I'm believing, even with Mel Gibson's movie, with the movie coming out next year, this new Passion of the Christ 2, that we're going to see a great harvest of souls come from the Passion of the Christ 2.
And so, I'm just anticipating now.
Please forgive me...
Pastor Maldonado, right?
Yeah, yes.
Text me, not email me, and said, 'Hey, Brandon, we had over two and a half million people show up to the meeting in Brazil.
Thank you for praying.
' Now, here's the awesome part.
He said, 'We had a million salvations.
1 million people in Brazil gave their heart to Jesus Christ this weekend, Friday.
A million people.
' This is the meeting.
This is Pastor Maldonado.
They had King Jesus.
Look at all the people there.
They were preaching to the people.
Millions showed up, and the police had so much security and so much watching over the people as they were having the service.
This is him.
He said there were lots of people got healed by the power of God.
Eyes were opened, deaf ears.
The lame were walking.
They saw miracles in Brazil.
Now, this is awesome.
He said to me, 'Keep praying.
The man that has the beard that we prophesied over, and I saw about the corruption concerning the cartel and trying to sway this man and blackmail this man in the days ahead, he is a born-again believer.
' Pastor Maldonado said, 'I know him.
I know him.
He invited me to hold crusades in Colombia in the weeks ahead if he wins the election.
And he said he's invited me to hold major Holy Ghost meetings in an arena there, and he said that he would accommodate us in any way possible to hold meetings for salvations and healings and miracles in Colombia.
' So the Lord said to us, if you go back to it, 'I will reach South America in the days ahead.
' And he said, 'Brandon, there's so many people here that watch you on your Portuguese channel and your Spanish channel, and they know you.
I've brought you up, and there's a lot of people that know you and they watch you.
' So, it's exciting that we're reaching the nations for Jesus here at our little prayer channel.
You know, I believe God that it's going to keep growing, but we're reaching the nations for Jesus.
And Pastor said over there, 'This is what is happening in South America, and you prophesied this.
' Now, we're going to believe God for Cuba, and we're going to believe God for the open doors for the harvest.
This is the most important thing of all the things that we ever talk about on this channel.
All the things that we see that the Lord leads us to pray over and all the things that we believe we avert.
The most important thing that you need to know is do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
We are coming to the end of the end here.
We're at the last of the last days, and it's exciting to see that over a million people gave their heart to Jesus Christ this weekend.
Do you have any more clips of that, of him?
Yeah, of the crowd.
I get excited about the people.
Yes.
I don't know how to fast forward on this.
Look at all those people.
Yeah.
Do you all see that?
They're all coming to hear about Jesus.
It's not about us; it's about Jesus.
And it's wonderful to see miracles, signs, and wonders follow those that believe, and that the people are lining up outside.
There's standing room only out there.
Look at that!
Over two and a half million people all throughout the whole city.
1 million salvations.
And he told me—he texted me right after he got off the platform, and he said, 'Thank you for praying for us.
Thank you.
' And it's because of people like you.
Many hands make light work.
We are part of that.
We prayed for those souls; we prayed for the salvations; we prayed for the healings; we prayed for manifestations of the glory of God in these last days.
And I'm expecting that this is just the beginning because the Lord said he was going to use this man in the Latino community.
He told me, 'I'm going to use him, and I'm going to pour out my spirit on these meetings, and I'm going to bring in lots of people, and he'll be like a modern-day Billy Graham in South America to the Latinos.
' And so, it's happening.
You see it?
As far as you can see, look at that.
They're lined down the street.
So, we were excited about it.
My family and I were rejoicing.
We were a part, praying into that and praying over the people giving their hearts to Jesus Christ.
You should be excited, too.
Jesus Christ is coming, and this is just the beginning.
This is going to happen in Europe, this is going to happen in South Africa, it's going to happen in Asia—all over the planet.
We're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before, and I'm anticipating what God is going to do through you.
It's not just about Brandon.
It's not about him.
It's about all hands on deck.
If you will just say yes to Jesus, Jesus will use you.
Just say, 'God, here am I.
Use me.
' And you'll have a park full of people when the glory shows up.
We're reading 'Daughters of Destiny' by Kathryn Kuhlman's book.
Billy recommended it, and he said, 'Brandon, this is a good book.
' We started reading that.
I haven't been able to have Diana put it down.
She reads it to me.
I said, "Read it again.
Read the page again.
I need this about the persecution, what she went through.
" And the book is just wow.
I don't know, I guess it just echoes inside of me because of what we've went through this last year, real heavy, and just what God has called us and what He's told us we're going to do.
And it's exciting to see the beginnings of somebody, even whenever you think you derail yourself.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, you're not big enough to derail yourself.
You're not big enough.
" He goes, "The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
No matter what the devil means for bad, I'll turn it around for good in your favor if you're trusting in me.
Trust confidently in me, Brandon, and I will give you the desires of your heart.
I will give you the nations.
I'll do whatever.
Your God is as big as your faith will allow Him to be.
" God is as big as your faith will allow Him to be.
Not my faith.
Your faith.
Without faith, it is impossible to please Him.
So we come to God knowing that He is and that He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
And if you're diligently seeking Him, the Bible says in Matthew 5:8—I believe it's 8:5 or 5:8—He said, "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
" Blessed are the pure in heart.
That was Jesus that said that.
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see the Lord.
They will see God.
And I believe there's a lot of pure in heart people here in the middle of a Sunday night, when you could be doing anything else other than praying.
You're here tonight because you have hunger.
You're stirred inside of yourself.
It's 5:8.
"Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.
" Matthew 5:8.
I sometimes flip numbers.
So, but it's not 8:5, it's 5:8.
Praise the Lord, because I believe that the eyes of the Lord are going to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward Him, so He can show Himself strong.
He can make His covenant strong on their behalf.
Look, blessed are the pure in heart.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart.
Pure in heart.
He's looking for hearts.
Blessed are the pure in heart.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward Him.
Who are the pure?
Who are the ones that He's falling on?
How do His eyes stop on you?
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they'll see God, for He's looking.
He's looking for a heart who's perfect toward Him.
He's looking for the pure in heart.
God's looking for you.
God's looking for me.
He's looking to see, "Can I use them?
Will they just say yes in these last days?
Will they just say yes?
" The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Will you help Him bring in the harvest?
As you see Maldonado, he's preaching the gospel in front of millions of people.
One man, but he said yes.
And millions of people—one million souls—gave their heart to Jesus Christ this weekend.
And I'm excited about that.
I just go, "Man, praise the Lord.
" Just say, "Yes, Lord.
Here am I.
" Do you understand?
We've got to get out of our small mentality of thinking.
I see that and I go, "My goodness, Lord, if you can use him, you'll use me.
If you can use her, you'll use me.
If you could use Kathryn Kuhlman and the things I was reading about in the book, you can use me.
If you can use Billy Burke, you can use me.
If you can use so-and-so, you can use me.
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
" Does that make sense?
I try to encourage you to stop thinking so small about yourself, because God will use anybody who would just say—remember the man in the Bible, he said, "I am of unclean lips, Lord.
" But the angel took the coal from the altar and put it on his lips and purified him.
It was a prophet.
Where's that scripture at, Braden?
He took the coal from the altar, and the angel put it on his lips.
He said, "I'm a man of unclean lips.
" Isaiah.
Isaiah.
People in that comment section will tell you, if God will use them, He will use you.
I know He is no respecter of persons, and I am going to...
I put so many walls up thinking, "Well, you know, you have to be perfect.
" God's not looking for perfection.
He's just looking for "yes".
Isaiah 6:6-8: "Then one of the seraphim flew to me with a burning coal he had taken from the altar with a pair of tongs.
He touched my lips with it and said, 'See, this coal has touched your lips.
Now your guilt is removed and your sins are forgiven.
' Then I heard the Lord ask, 'Who should I send as a messenger to the people?
Who will go for us?
' I said, 'Here am I.
Send me.
Here am I.
'" Do you know what?
We don't have maybe an angel coming down and putting a coal of fire on our lips.
We have the blood of Jesus.
We take communion and we go before Him daily.
I take communion.
Smith Wigglesworth took communion all the time.
John G.
Lake took communion all the time, and William Seymour and those, and I practice what the elders did.
I look at them, I say, "If they did it, I do it.
If they read their Bible every 15 minutes, I'm going to find some scripture.
I'm going to find something to stir me up because we leak out.
" And we may not have an actual angel come down and put a coal on our lips, but we have the blood of Jesus that has made us whole.
We have the blood, the ultimate sacrifice that said, "Hey, I have forgiven you.
" And you say, "Who?
" He touched my lips.
Jesus touched your lips.
Jesus touched your lips with it and said, "See this coal.
See this blood.
" His sacrifice has touched your lips.
Now your guilt is removed and your sins are forgiven.
Jesus washed away all your sins.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And just like the angel back then did that to him, we had Jesus do it for us.
He was the ultimate sacrifice.
He put it all on the altar.
He did it all.
His blood was enough, and I acknowledge what He did for me.
I do this often in remembrance.
"Jesus, I thank you for what you did for me.
" His blood was more than enough, and I just acknowledge it.
"Thank you.
Thank you, Lord, that you paid the price for me to walk in victory.
" See, the coal has touched your lips.
Now, your guilt is removed and your sins are forgiven.
Who can the Lord send in these last days?
You're more than enough because of His blood.
Then I heard the Lord ask—He's asking tonight—"Who should I send as a messenger to the people?
" I heard it today.
I was driving around and I went around ORU again.
I drove around again, sat out there and said, "Who can I send, Brandon?
" I was not going to do a broadcast tonight.
He said, "I want you to do one for me, please.
" I said, "I will now.
" Okay.
Then I heard the Lord asking, "Who should I send as a messenger to this people?
Who will go for us?
" I said, "Here am I.
Send me.
" I was driving and I was almost home, and I was turning around.
I was going down and I was getting my kids something to eat.
And I said, "Lord, it's over there.
I'm trying to not go through the traffic.
" He said, "It's not going to be convenient, everything I ask you to do.
" I said, "Okay.
" He said, "I want you to go over there, and I want you to sit, because you're thinking too small.
I want you to sit in front of that Mabee Center because you're thinking too small.
And remember the words that I've told you, that I'm bringing a revival to Tulsa.
I'm going to bring a revival to the nations.
You're thinking too small.
You're thinking too poverty.
You're thinking too little.
Braden, look big.
" And I remember across the school that it says in that auditorium, "Make no little plans here.
" Oral Roberts had big on the inside of him, as I saw the big building and the medical center—they sold it now, but it was worth over $300 million, the building and all the stuff—and I was looking at all that he'd done whenever he was here, the campus, and I just sat there looking at it.
And Diana and I...
she goes, "Why are we here?
" I said, "To get big on the inside of me, you got to get big on the inside of you.
Start focusing on something other than your small world and realize that God wants us to reach the nations.
Many, many people are dying and going to hell.
And we limit ourselves in our own stinking thinking and think, 'Well, I'm not good enough.
I have a past.
' Who doesn't have a past?
I'm talking to you.
Who doesn't have a past?
There's so many people that have a past.
Your testimony is great.
'Well, I did this.
I got a divorce.
I had an abortion.
God can't use me.
' But you're so mistaken.
The blood is enough for you.
The blood is enough for you tonight.
There's no one that has too much sin in their life that God can't touch their lips with that blood, with that coal.
He touched my lips with it and said, 'See, this coal has touched your lips.
' The blood tonight, Jesus's sacrifice, touched your lips.
Now your guilt is removed and your sins are forgiven.
Then I heard the Lord ask, 'Whom should I send as a messenger?
' I just believe it.
We're in the last of the last days here.
Jesus Christ is coming.
We're in the last of the last days here, and Jesus Christ is coming, and it's time for you to be all in.
As I sat and I looked at that Mabee Center and I saw again—do you see the fire on top of the building?
Do you see the glory that's about to be poured out over Tulsa, over Victory across the street with Paul Daugherty, and the glory?
And he said this would be overflow.
And I saw the old hotel that's closed down now.
It has weeds all on the beds; it's all run down.
This hotel across the street from the Mabee Center.
And I sat there and just looked, and I thought, 'What would it take?
' Because they're going to need something for the people to stay.
There are going to be 24-hour-a-day services, seven days a week.
There has got to be some place for these people to stay.
There's a Marriott down the road on 71st Street on Lewis.
There's a Marriott, but that's not going to hold everybody.
I thought, 'This is going to be something that we've never seen before.
' I try to encourage you.
I remember whenever I was praying one night and I was interceding, and the Lord took me into the throne room, and I saw him sitting on his throne, and he came out.
He was shielding himself because the light was so bright.
I thought my eyes were going to burn out of my head.
The vision, even in a vision, it was not natural.
I wasn't really there.
I think if I was really there, it would have killed me.
That's how bright this was.
But every single time, he has to shield himself.
But it was so bright, it was so beautiful.
He came out of it as a massive eye of fire.
The fire was moving, and everything he said in the throne room, it became a seed.
It was the size of a grain of a mustard seed.
And the mustard seed grain, every word became alive, and they all joined together and started to form roots.
They didn't die.
His words became alive, and they formed all together, and they came as a seed, and the seed grew together, and the roots formed, and the sentences all lined up, and they all formed one massive, beautiful thing as they started drinking from a pool of water that was below.
And it was ankle-deep, it was waist-deep, it was over, and I could see the water, and it was just pure as the eye could see.
The water was as deep all the way at the beginning at the base of his throne.
I could see this beautiful water.
And he said, 'You must go down to the deep.
You must go down to the deeper water.
You used to abide there all the time, but over the course of time, you've gotten dry.
' And I was looking at that water, and I said, 'Lord, how do I get back in that?
The cares of this world pull you out; you become dry.
' And I could see the water, and it was the most beautiful pools of water.
It was all different levels.
There's levels of the glory; there's levels of his presence.
But as I was looking at it, and I could see Pastor Tracy Harris from Texarkana, his prayers, and he allowed me—there were prayers that looked like comets that were burning around his throne, and they were shooting up like lights, and it was fast.
They were coming up so fast, and they were burning up all around his throne, and he would breathe them in and he would breathe them out.
I could hear him exhale and inhale the prayers of the saints, the prayers of the righteous, the people's prayers.
They were coming up before his throne.
And as he would inhale, he would inhale the prayers.
And as he would exhale, they would come out.
But they never died; they always were going around him.
They were like balls of fire.
And I saw one prayer—he paused it in front of me—and it was Texarkana.
It was Pastor Tracy Harris, and he was praying for the nations.
He was interceding for the last outpouring, and as that prayer came up before the throne, he was in the middle of the globe, and he was travailing for the globe.
He was travailing for the souls, and the Lord said, 'From this day forward, there'll be an anointing that increases on this man's life.
' And I saw another one.
Then I had another dream, and the Lord keeps speaking to me about this man.
I don't have any contact with this man, but I have had in the past.
He came to the prayer conference, not recently.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to—it's time that there'll be four times the anointing and increase.
' And I saw it.
What did the Lord say?
'Double.
' Yeah.
Double, double, double, double.
But he said it now.
Now, that's four times.
Influence.
I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost all over me.
But as I watched, he said, 'I've never created the church for escape.
I created the church to have a backbone.
I created the church—the armor was never designed for you to run and retreat.
I only designed the armor for you to take dominion and authority and take the land for me.
There was no armor on your backside.
I don't want a church with an escape mentality.
You occupy until I come.
But I'm coming back for not a defeated church; I'm coming back for a glorious church.
I'm coming back for a church that has a knowing of who they are, not a church that is in retreat mode.
A church that is blood-bought, the church of the redeemed, people that are just saying, "Here am I, Lord.
Send me.
"' And he said to me again, "There's many of the elders, there's many of the—just like it was with the generation that had to go home because they wouldn't take the land.
'We're the size of grasshoppers in their eyes; they're giants.
The world is falling apart.
We're not going to get it.
' I'm looking for people, a new generation that will just say, 'Here am I, Lord.
Send me'—the Davids, the Esthers, the Hannahs, or whoever—the young generation that has a backbone, that has no fear.
If you're an elder and you say, 'Well, we're tired,' then the Lord said, 'It's okay.
Help mentor some of these young people.
Don't discourage them, but go ahead and tell them, "We are able to do, for there are many more with us than there are with them.
" Either you believe it or you don't.
If you don't, sit on the bench and get out of the way.
" I died for every single one of them, Brandon.
And he held his hands out, and I saw massive holes in his hands.
"I wish that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
" I saw those massive holes.
I saw the harvest, and it was vast.
And he said, "I'm sending my angel armies to help you.
You're not doing this alone.
" And I saw, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit, I saw that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers like the Lord said.
And he said, "Brandon, I'm going to assist.
The blinders are coming off.
They'll hear without being interrupted, for it doesn't matter how far or dark you think your relatives are.
There's no way they'll ever serve Jesus.
There is a way, and all things are possible to him who believes.
" And I'm telling you, they're coming out of hell.
They're going to come out of the hell they're living in.
They're going to come out of this, and they're going to say, "I believe that Jesus Christ is going to be my Lord and my personal Savior as I confess my sins.
He is faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
" I believe that today is the day of your salvation.
I believe that there's no one too far gone.
I believe that there's no one too sick that Jesus can heal.
That's whenever I told you I saw the Valley of the Bones.
And it was as far as the eye could see, and there were dead bones all over it.
And I heard a loud voice coming out of it.
I could see a light, and it was beautiful.
And he said, "Can these bones live, Brandon?
" I said, "Yes, Lord.
" He yelled it again, "Can these bones live?
How dead is dead, Brandon?
Though you were dead, yet shall you live.
" And I saw the bones; they started to become alive.
And the flesh that was not there, the lungs, the heart, the blood started flowing through them.
And I saw it coming from the foot up, and it was like a tornado going around them.
And what was dead and decayed became alive again.
And I said, "If you believe, all things are possible to him who believes.
" He said to me, "If you believe, if you believe—how dead is dead, Brandon?
" I said, "Dead is dead.
" I thought in my mind, you can raise the dead if they still have blood in them.
Maybe you could raise the dead if they're just a little cold.
But how dead is dead, even the embalmed?
It's time to believe God for what seemed to be impossible to be possible in your life.
Tonight's your night for your expiration date for your unsaved loved ones, for your unsaved wife, your unsaved husband, your kids that are wayward, all of it.
I believe that there's a turnaround.
There's an expiration date for everything you're believing for, and nothing is impossible to him who believes.
But it's going to take somebody other than just a prayer that sits by and says, "Well, we're praying for you.
" No, you're going to witness to those like we saw Maldonado doing, as we saw Billy Burke doing this weekend.
There are so many people that stretched out and were trying to help those who were lost, reaching out.
And I believe a lot of people got born again.
A lot of people got healed this weekend.
But tonight's your night.
Tonight's your night.
He said, "I've come to save that which was lost.
" So tonight, if you're here and you say, "Brandon, I've never asked Jesus Christ to be my Lord and personal Savior," tonight's your night.
You say, "Well, I've never ever had a touch from Jesus before.
" Tonight's your night.
Right there in your car, right there in your house, right there in your kitchen, wherever you're watching, even if you might be watching the day after, Jesus will visit you right where you are.
He's no respecter of persons.
And he's looking, his eyes are looking throughout the whole world right now because we are at the last of the last seconds here.
And he's saying, "Will you just confess me as your Lord and Savior?
" Tonight's your night.
You say, "Well, Brandon, will you pray for me?
" I would be happy to.
But I want you to be bold in your decision tonight and tell us, "Tonight's my night.
I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
I want to turn.
I used to be on fire for God.
I've heard a lot about him, but I don't know where I'm at with God.
" If you want to be sure in your decision tonight, tell me, "Hey, I want to make sure I'm right with God.
I know a lot about him, but I don't know if he knows me.
" If you want to make sure he knows you, if you want to make sure that your name is written in that Lamb's Book of Life, tonight's your night.
Tonight's your night.
So, I want you just to repeat this prayer after me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on the devil.
I'll not serve him anymore.
I'll not serve Buddha.
I'll not serve Muhammad.
I'll not serve any kind of false god.
But tonight, I dedicate my life to you.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
There will be no other gods before me.
You are my one and only God.
I am that I am.
I serve you, Jesus.
I repent of my sins.
I ask you to wash me, make me new.
I confess them before you.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I receive tonight my forgiveness by faith.
I receive it the moment I confess it.
You said as far as the east is from the west, you've taken my sins from me.
I dedicate my life to you.
I'll serve you from this day forward with everything I have.
Thank you, Jesus, that you've made me brand new.
Behold, all things are new.
I receive it right now in Jesus' name.
" I believe if you just said that simple little prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Now, what are you going to do?
You're going to go to a Bible-believing church that is on fire for Jesus.
Don't go to some dead, run-down, religious church.
You're going to go in there, to the ones that teach you how to live by faith.
Tell the pastor there, "I need to be water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Get plugged into that church.
Read your Bible every day.
Come over here and be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come over here; this is our little online church.
We do this almost every day.
I try to take some time off to get refreshed.
But I want you to come over here and be a part of this.
Like, subscribe, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
It's our online church here.
I want you to read your Bible.
If you don't have a Bible, we will give you a Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us at the link in the description down below and say, "I got born again watching you tonight.
" And we will send you a Bible, an Amplified, a New King James, or a King James Version.
We'll send it to you, and we just want to be a blessing to you.
We'll never solicit you.
We don't ask for anything.
We never ask for a dime on this channel.
Everything we've been given, we've been given freely, and freely we give it out.
We bless the people.
We love you.
We're praying for you, and we just want to tell you thank you for being here.
So, if you could just tell us if you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, we just want to rejoice with you, and we want to be excited for you.
Tell all the people down below, "I just gave my heart to Jesus tonight.
" And then we're going to move on.
But I did what the Holy Spirit told me to do.
Anybody?
Twenty-five people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ so far tonight.
Isn't that wonderful?
Thank you, Lord.
So, is there any news now, Braden?
Yes.
Okay, let's find some news.
A lot with—what's my time?
Okay, go ahead.
How many here?
5,700.
Good number.
Ready?
Now, here is Japan.
Japan.
Volcano erupts in Japan.
Okay, we know what the Lord has warned us about the volcanoes in Japan, and we've seen it.
And I said, "There'll be a massive one explode, and it's Mount Fuji.
" And I said, "When this happens, I saw a lot of people perish.
" I said, "We're going to see Japan split now.
We're seeing major volcanoes going off in Japan.
" There is soot everywhere.
Is this by Mount Fuji?
I don't know, I have to look.
It's not Mount Fuji.
Fiji water—it's like the water.
The Lord said we're about to see signs in the heavens, signs in the earth, signs all over.
It's happening.
The birthing pains, as labor pains, are happening.
A Russian volcano erupted today.
They said, "Where is this?
" He was saying it gets serious once the cloud reaches the stratosphere.
Why?
I don't know, but he was saying it gets really bad, I guess because of fallout.
You know what I'm talking about?
Remember when you saw that?
Oh, yeah, because it blots out the sun.
I think that's what he's talking about, because I said it's going to start to affect the migration of the birds, and it's going to affect the breeding of the animals, and they won't know what's going on.
I saw birds thinking it was fall, and they started breeding in August instead of October.
The Lord said it throws things off.
There's about to be an event that throws off the breeding patterns of animals and birds' migration.
I said, "The sun will look different in the days ahead.
Something happens with the sun.
" I said it's like it's dark outside.
So, is this it?
I don't know, but I saw a darkness and a big 8.
6 earthquake in the Philippines.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, that all the people in the Philippines are protected.
These are the earthquakes the Lord said are going to start to happen.
This is the Ring of Fire.
I saw one bigger, shaking.
The Lord said, "I'm going to shake things.
" Remember?
I said temples are going to fall.
Thousand-year-old temples are going to fall.
They're going to be completely dust in the days ahead.
This happened today.
Earthquakes are going off, and volcanoes are going off.
We gave the word—was it Friday or Thursday of last week?
—and the Lord said, "Shakings in all areas.
" The Vatican is about to shake, the Temple Mount is about to shake, and I saw Malibu shake.
Major earthquakes are happening.
The Lord said these were going to be signs of everything, and here we are.
We're seeing earthquakes in the Philippines and all these areas.
It's happening just like the Lord said.
We have more fireballs coming into the earth.
Now, here's a meteor coming into China, a really bright one.
The Lord warned us this was going to happen on April 1st.
He said that major fireballs are going to start to come into the atmosphere, and they're going to start breaking windows in houses and cars.
Then, a 3.
5 earthquake hit California.
The one I saw is bigger.
They're saying there are solar disruptions going on at the same time.
They said they're synchronized; there were two explosions at the exact same time on the sun.
Signs in the heavens, signs in the earth.
There was also a big tornado in China.
And then, you don't have to rush, Pete.
I like this, not that I like the destruction, but I don't ever see any of this stuff.
Iran attacked Israel with missiles.
We pray over the WWPs, for that's where they are, and Sister Billye is there, along with Pastor Candace and Chip.
They're having a major tour.
This happened today.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're protecting Sister Billye.
The Lord said He was sending them there for a prayer mission because there was a surprise attack coming in northern Israel.
He said a surprise attack was coming, and He was sending them there to pray.
Billye Brim.
I saw an attack coming worse than October, but they would use chemical weapons.
This is Iran rejoicing that they're striking Israel.
They're all excited they're striking Israel.
What is this, honey?
They met today.
This is Germany, Ukraine, Keir Starmer, and Macron.
We saw this coming, and I said a black swan event is about to take place because they don't want to stop the war.
Are they wanting to stop the war?
I don't know, I think they're just meeting.
Do you feel that, V?
It's pulling.
There's the turtle.
Who is that?
That's Germany.
Yes, that's the turtle with the glasses.
It's one of the visions the Lord gave me before: the black crows trying to tear out the heart of the dove.
There he is, a Pinocchio.
His nose snorts coke and he has a long nose.
The Lord said he's a liar, and to watch this man.
I saw them try to assassinate him in the days ahead, and it was successful.
I saw a shaking in Ukraine; Kiev was divided in two.
What is the plan for this?
This is very interesting to me.
When did this happen?
Today, June 7th.
For all of them to be in the same meeting together is very interesting.
Italy was not there, though.
Emmanuel Macron posted this: "United for Ukraine.
" They want to poke the bear.
I saw Emmanuel Macron leading the charge, remember?
I said Emmanuel Macron was talking to big bankers, and there was a black swan event going to take place.
I saw Europe on fire, France on fire.
It's the same vision I had.
He is talking to big businessmen, and the big businessmen were bankers, and one of them was a man named George.
I saw that he was talking to these people, but they were talking directly to Satan, and they were having sacrifices on an altar, saying, "We're going to bring forth the Mahdi and a Hitler spirit.
" I won't call it an anointing; it's a demonic summoning.
They were doing satanic things to virgin girls on an altar in Berlin, doing witchcraft to bring forth Hitler's spirit over the nations to bring forth World War III.
At the same time, Europe was burning, and I said, "It has portals.
" I watched CERN, and they were doing satanic things to bring forth things out of portals with the Nephilim, the fallen angels.
They're going to start talking about aliens—this false, demonic deception that's coming.
But it's about social credit, digital ID, all these things they're about to roll out quickly before Agenda 2030 to control the masses because they want their Mahdi to come.
They want the Antichrist to come, and they were doing all this.
They were being summoned by Satan in a meeting with big bankers.
I saw Satan talking to these people.
I was in a meeting in the spirit when I was praying, and the Lord said, "Listen closely.
" I heard them having a plan, and they were going to bring war.
I heard them trying to have war.
And I said, "Pinocchio is this man.
He's in all-black again.
" But I saw Lavender trying to come forth in Russia.
And people say, "Are you taking up for Russia?
" No, it was the people praying in Russia.
I'm not for any governments.
You say, "Are you for Israel's government?
" No, I'm not for America's.
I'm not.
I'm for the people.
I pray for the people.
People get mad at me all the time.
I don't pick—I pick people.
I pray for the people.
I pray for the people of Jerusalem.
Are there corrupt politicians throughout the whole thing?
Yes.
There are corrupt Republicans, there are corrupt Democrats, and there are all kinds of corrupt people.
So, you know, I choose Jesus.
I don't bring politics into this.
This is about the end times.
It's not about man.
It's not about a party from Benjamin to any of them.
I'm looking at Jesus.
I stay vertical.
Stop looking all around.
Who are you for?
I'm for Jesus.
I want his return.
And people say, "You're drinking the media Kool-Aid.
You're drinking too much Kool-Aid.
" You've got to stop that.
You've got to keep your eyes focused on Jesus.
Where are we in the last days?
People are dying and going to hell.
Don't drink the Kool-Aid the media gives you.
Stay vertical.
But we're telling you what's going on.
And this is what the Lord said before they even did it.
He warned about these meetings.
I even have the videos to prove it.
He warned us they're going to start doing this, just like this.
And I said they'll oust Trump, and they'll say, "You're not in our circle.
" And they'll turn their back on Trump.
And Trump was looking, and he had the cards.
Remember, Braden?
Yes, I'm talking to you.
You're the only one that I can talk to in here.
The people are behind the cameras; I can't hear them.
But, you know, I saw Trump, and he wanted peace.
He didn't want to raise this war up.
And I saw these men right here.
But what's interesting is Italy's not there, because in the vision, I saw Italy be a part of this.
Right.
So she's not there, but everybody else is.
I wonder where she was.
She must have called in sick.
Interesting, though, isn't it?
Isn't it interesting she's not there?
Yeah, it is.
Everybody else is there.
Trying to see where she is.
Where is Italy?
That's interesting, son, that she's not there.
Because every single time I see it, they're always talking.
It's them right there and her.
Nobody else.
So, next.
Do you have anything else?
Yeah.
Then this really stands out to me.
I have a big pulse on this.
There's something very strong in my spirit about this.
And when I look at that picture, my spirit is jumping.
Next.
Okay.
And then, I don't know if you can talk about...
He said he takes Elon Musk on or something like that.
Okay, let's see.
What does he say?
It's 50 seconds.
Let's listen to it.
It's all right, son.
I want to hear both.
We'll move quick, and then we'll go right to...
We already did our altar call, so we're good.
Next.
What is that?
So, she is absolutely right in the action that she is taking.
Disgusting images were created, in her particular case, by Grok.
And I'm really pleased that we took Grok on a few months ago, because that's the fight we should be in—taking on some of these platform providers, some of these disgusting images.
Really disgusting.
We won that.
But Jess is right.
She's a parliamentarian, and I'm 100% behind the action that she has taken.
And look, we need to also assert who we are as a country, because Musk again has been interfering in our politics in the last few days, trying to whip up division.
That is not who we are in Britain.
In Britain, we are reasonable, tolerant people.
When we have a terrible case, like Henry's case, Henry Novak, we react calmly, as his family has done.
When it comes to disgusting images on Grok, we take Grok on and fight, because that's who we are as a country.
So I saw—pause—remember whenever I saw they're going to sue Elon, and they will come against him greatly in the days ahead, Europe.
And when they do, they'll censor, censor, censor, but they will sue him.
And I saw, because of this, I saw a Watergate scandal coming out of America.
Does anybody remember this?
I said a Watergate, Nixon-style scandal will come again in the 2028 election concerning the elections.
I said a Watergate scandal will come.
Show the picture of that if you could sometime.
But that was very important.
But I said they're going to...
I saw Emmanuel Macron.
I saw all these other nations censoring him, and it causes major financial disruption in X and other social media platforms.
I didn't see it with Facebook.
Facebook complies, Instagram complies, but I saw him attacking Elon Musk specifically concerning the elections, and it was very bad for him.
Zoom in up here.
Do you see that?
I gave the word.
I said a new Watergate 2028 will come, and I said Europe will sue him, and there'll be big lawsuits in the days ahead against Elon Musk.
And this will come out of it.
And another—I saw a Marilyn Monroe scandal.
You see that behind him?
Okay.
Go ahead.
And then there was a shooting at a World Cup training base.
Nine injured in a shooting just miles from England's World Cup training base.
That's interesting.
We've got to pray for the World Cup.
Isn't that the soccer thing?
Yeah.
So, that's coming here, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
So, we're going to pray for that.
The embryo thing, okay, go ahead.
We saw this.
I said they're going to build a baby.
And I told you all I saw them in laboratories creating genetically modified babies with genetic AI technology.
And I said, 'They're going to make babies.
' You say, 'Well, what color of eyes do I want?
I want this.
I want it to look like Arnold Schwarzenegger with big muscles one day.
I want the gene spliced into it to create no disease, cancers, or anything else in this child.
' And they make babies in like a bubble, and they produce the seed and the egg, and they've got it, and they grow it in a thing, and if it doesn't turn out right, they abort it.
Listen, go ahead.
Listen to this.
Well, the world is one step closer to creating designer babies with a world-first experiment altering the genes of embryos.
Scientists at Columbia University have used a method called base editing, which chemically alters one letter in the DNA sequence.
They were able to successfully edit two genes in a human embryo, removing mutations that, if developed, would have put a human at risk of heart disease.
While previously clinics have offered to screen for certain genetic traits, this marks the first known instance of using base editing to alter an embryo once it's been created.
These embryos have not been implanted to lead to a pregnancy, but researchers say it is now possible to produce a child from genetically altered embryos.
It's a controversial proposal, and it's had ethicists worried for years.
On one hand, it may allow mutations that could cause disease to be removed from embryos, reducing the risk of future illnesses.
But on the other, it opens the door to eugenics by offering potential parents the ability to select traits such as hair or eye color, even intelligence and athletic ability.
These edits are not always perfect, and even when they do work, they may lead to unforeseen medical complications further down the line.
The Lord warned us.
I said it's coming.
And we gave this word to you well over a year ago.
I said, 'Watch what they're going to do in laboratories.
' And I said I saw them in labs, and they create babies in a lab, and they're able to make them strong, with athletic capabilities.
You hear that?
I said they make the babies, and they create them outside of the womb, and they have them in what looks like a bowl, and they grow this baby inside of there.
And if the mom and daddy don't like the way it's looking in the face, they abort it and start over.
I saw it.
It was sick.
And I said, "They do it in labs and they already experience it.
" And then I said, "They're going to try to bring back old celebrities that are dead with DNA, trying to bring back Elvis, trying to bring back Marilyn Monroe, people like that whose DNA they have, and they say, 'We can splice this and make that person's DNA to make it look like that person.
'" And I saw celebrities, old pharaohs—taking DNA from the bones of pharaohs and creating them to look like what they looked like back then, 2,000, 4,000, 5,000 years ago.
We want to see what that human species looked like if we've changed and evolved.
So they wanted to make sure how we've evolved.
Because they are evolutionists, they wanted to look at those people.
So they took the DNA out of the bones from old coffins and mummies, and they were splicing them to try to bring forth old people.
I said, "Watch what they do.
It's very evil what they're about to do.
" And I said, "They're going to start with dodo birds and woolly mammoths and all kinds of things.
They're going to do things with AI technology, and it's going to get very evil, and God is going to get very upset about this.
Watch what God's about to do.
" And I saw that.
I told you.
Now they're telling you what they're doing.
It's accurate.
You know, we give all glory to Jesus on this channel.
There ain't nothing that I see on here that I see apart from him.
Everything, I always go vertical and I tell you what I hear and what I see in a vision, and I warn you about what to pray for.
And I said, "This is what God says.
This is what I'm seeing.
" And then you see it in the news: the earthquakes, the volcanoes, the asteroids, three or four of those bozos together having meetings, and I said they're going to call war and they're doing satanic practices.
I tell you about major revival taking place.
A million souls got saved this weekend.
Every single thing is coming to pass.
You just got to wait.
People go, "Well, I want to see it faster.
Brandon, you gave a word a year ago.
Some of these things just never came to pass yet.
" Hold on.
Just buckle your safety belt.
We don't want some of this stuff.
I'm telling you to pray over the 14th.
The things I've seen about the 41st floor, praying over Trump buildings.
They're going to retaliate in the days ahead with mass casualty events, with Ground Zero again, trying to retaliate against our nation.
They want to get the ball rolling with retaliation for Qasem Soleimani, against Trump's children, against Trump.
They say, "If we can't get to Trump, we'll get to his grandkids.
We'll get to him.
" And I said, "Pray for Kai, his granddaughter.
This stuff is serious.
I don't come on here to tickle your ears.
I come on here to tell you we must pray for Trump to get across the finish line.
He's a target.
We see all these things against our electric grid, against our infrastructure, against our sewer systems, our water plants, against our rivers.
Pray for our nation, our oil facilities, our gas plants, parades, our train tracks.
Pray for our nation, ladies and gentlemen.
" It's been interesting because usually the Lord will show me the weather in advance.
I can tell you how many hurricanes are coming and how many will hit the nation, how big they will be.
But the Lord has not spoken to me about hurricanes this year so far.
And he'll talk about tornadoes.
He'll talk about things, and it was dead on where it hit Enid and went up through there and wiped out all those people, and all that happened.
But he doesn't talk to me about hurricanes this year.
He's talking about earthquakes.
Excuse me, my nose is itching.
The cottonwood trees are still going nuts, but I'm getting better.
Next.
Yeah.
And then the Pope went to Spain and there.
That's where she was.
Yeah, she could be there.
She was there.
She didn't leave that.
There she is.
That's why she's there.
The Pope's there.
That's why.
Right.
Yeah, probably hanging out there.
Look at all those people.
She ain't going to leave that.
I bet that's where she was, son.
Right.
Yeah, that's what people are saying in the chat.
They think that's what it is.
That's probably where she's at.
She's hanging out there.
She's like, "I can't leave and go with y'all.
" Yeah.
Okay.
Now, I got this from J.
Bravo.
Okay, J.
Bravo has a channel and Braden watches his channel.
J.
Bravo talks a lot about economics and things like that.
So people say, "Braden, you stole that from Jay Bravo.
" Yes, we got that from Jay Bravo.
This right here: if you spent $1 million per day, every single day since Jesus was born, you would have only spent $740 billion, less than 2% of our national debt.
That's why I was trying to tell you, I said America is in trouble.
The finances of America, regardless of what Kool-Aid they try to give you, the dollar is done.
In my opinion, the dollar is done.
Why?
Because it's in the way.
The beast system is coming.
So, anybody want to argue with the Bible?
That's fine.
You can argue with the Bible until your face turns blue.
I don't care.
I ain't listening to you.
We know what the Bible says.
The beast system is coming.
A one world order is coming.
So, how can you have that with a dollar in play when you're 36 trillion, almost 40 trillion dollars in the hole?
So, at 1 million a day...
let's do the math.
Even if we said if you spent $100 million a day...
I don't know how much.
I'm not good at math.
If you did $10 million a day, if it was 2% and you just did simple math, right?
2%.
Even at 10% it's a million dollars a day.
So that bumped that up two, four, six, eight, 10, 12.
Look at that.
Just think if you did the math on that, Braden, even if you spent $10 million a day, somebody can do that.
I don't have my calculator, but think about that.
That'd be 10% of it, 20% of the debt.
So that just shows you how much debt it is even from Jesus's time if you spent that kind of money, right?
That's crazy money.
That's what I'm telling you.
America is 39 trillion in the hole.
There ain't no paying that back.
I don't care what they say.
A digital economic reset.
Just the interest alone is at a trillion dollars.
And it just keeps growing.
And people go, "Well, that's okay.
We're okay.
" No, that's not okay.
What do you do about it?
No, Jesus is coming.
It's all part of the system.
It's all part of the plan.
If you assume Jesus was born around 1 AD, using today's year 2026, then it's saying 7.
4 trillion if you spent 10 million a day.
10 million.
Yeah, that's what it's saying.
So it'd only be at 7.
4 trillion.
Yeah, 7 trillion 400 billion.
If you spent $10 million a day since Jesus's time, right?
Yeah, and we're at 39 trillion.
So we need to bump it up a little bit.
What is that, 40 million a day?
We need to spend 40 million a day to catch up.
It's redundant, but I'm just trying to tell y'all look at that.
And so we found that on J.
Bravo.
I give him the shout-out for that.
It was amazing.
When he pulled that out, I believe he was a youth pastor at one time, but yeah.
Wow.
Braden showed that to me and I went, "No way.
That's incredible.
The math on that is like, whoa.
" So, all right.
Now, that lifting of the anointing, I don't want to lose that.
It's already lifting.
So I want to get back in that river of prayer.
So, okay, let's pray.
Ready?
Are you done?
Father, we just thank you for all that you have for us and we acknowledge you and we give you praise and glory.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you Lord for your healing power that flows on the inside of us and we give you all the glory, honor and praise in Jesus' name and we take this body in Jesus' name.
Thank you Lord, healed and whole.
Lord, I plead the blood over my eyes.
I plead the blood over everything.
If you want to show me anything tonight, I yield, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood over my children, my wife, me, all of us, God.
My dogs, I thank you, Lord.
No weapon.
My all is on the altar tonight.
We follow you, Holy Spirit.
You are welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
We take this blood, and we're so grateful, Father, for its representation of what you did for us.
I thank you, Lord.
I plead the blood, and I plead the blood over my eyes.
I will not be snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Father, that I am yielded to you.
I yield to the anointing of the watchmen.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic and whatever you have to show us tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I'm just somebody here to pray, and I'm so humbled, Father, that you would use me each day.
We thank you, Lord.
Father, in this prayer group tonight, we lift up the mighty name of Jesus.
It's not about us; it's always about you.
All of you and none of me, Jesus.
All of you and none of me.
We stay in the lane that you've given us to do, and we do it with accuracy, and we do it all to your glory.
In the name of Jesus, we take this blood.
Oh Jesus, oh Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome.
I'm seeing bombs hit Israel right now.
I see Bethlehem going to captivity.
Lord said pray.
It is written: 'No weapon formed against us will prosper.
' It is written: 'No weapon formed against us will prosper.
' Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
It is written: 'No weapon formed against us will prosper.
' I hear it again.
Russia.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit.
When you're praying and you feel like your tongues aren't sufficient enough for what you're seeing, that's where I'm hitting.
And I'm at that wall, and I can see it, and I can see Israel, and I'm looking into it right now, for my pastors are there.
Pastor Candace and Chip and them, they're protected in the cleft of the rock there, and nothing will come around.
I see that protection around and about them right now.
'It's not the point,' the Lord says.
It's about what they're called to do while they're there.
Coming out of Syria, it's going to come out of Damascus.
This attack, this attack out of Iraq.
Out of Iraq, now I see fires in New York.
I see fires burning in New York.
I see buildings burning.
I see rioting in New York.
There's a planned, staged event in New York coming, similar but even on a greater scale than what happened in Europe, similar to when Black Lives Matter, you remember all that rioting that happened during that time frame, I could see that from George Floyd, right?
I see New York burning.
It's all races.
I see them with green.
I see green.
We pray over the New York Knicks game.
We pray over the New York Knicks.
We pray.
It's tomorrow night.
And then the next one, praying about the 14th for no kings in birthday.
We pray over our nation.
Clarity, clarity, clarity, clarity.
Lord said, 'Stop grasping for straws.
' I'll tell you how he corrects me right then.
Don't keep pulling out of it, trying to flow the river.
Because that's what I was doing.
And I'm just real transparent with y'all.
I pull it.
I can feel the 14th and I grab a hold of it and I pray in the spirit and I can feel it and I pull towards the sector, and then I can see the fires.
What causes the fires?
So my flesh is automatically going to that and he said stop that.
Be still and pray in tongues in that, and then pray into that.
So I'm looking into that and it pulls it.
I can pull the fires, fires.
Fires in the buildings.
I see fires.
I see major skyscrapers on fire.
And I saw Israel, and I see a surprise attack.
I see a circle.
And in this circle, I see fires in the circle concerning Israel in the days ahead.
I see a surprise attack.
I see chemical warfare.
I'm hearing chemical warfare, like chemical weapons.
It's on the barges in the river.
It's on barges in the river.
It's like trash trucks.
They're shooting things off from the trash trucks in the river.
I see the river.
I see these trash trucks in the river.
I see trash on these barges, but it looks like trash like bags, like Hefty sacks.
I see there's a planned attack against New York from the barges.
I see boats in the rivers.
It's the same time frame.
Israel, America.
That's why I'm seeing two things.
It's the same.
It's trying to be on the same time frame.
A D-Day.
I hear 'D.
' This is the D-Day.
I've been telling you about D-Day, the Red Dawn experience, the D-Day.
Okay.
I'm seeing Cuba.
I see Cuba.
I see Miami.
There's something to do with Cuba concerning this.
Cuba, Miami.
Cuba, southernmost point for Key West.
People say, 'Well, that would be suicide.
' I see drones.
I see drones.
I see drones on boats.
Drones on boats.
We pray over our 250th anniversary.
All across this nation, all over Hawaii, we pray over Hawaii.
We pray over the hotels.
We pray over the malls in Honolulu.
We pray over this.
I see those three men again in Honolulu.
I see three men again at the hotels and in the mall with the Gucci, with the Gucci.
They're trying to cause travel to cease.
They're trying to cause travel, like summer travel, people to fear summer travel to affect the economy.
I see a dark thing.
It's about the elections.
It's about midterms.
Political theater for distractions.
Distractions.
Distractions about the economy.
Distractions about the Clarity Act.
Distractions concerning clarity.
Distractions.
Lord said, 'I gave you an outline.
I gave you an outline.
You take a bite of this, one bite at a time.
' I see deep into this outline.
Some things I stay quiet.
I see parades.
I see ballparks.
I see baseball, America's pastime.
No, no, no.
Fenway.
Pray in the midnight.
Concerning the banks, concerning the media, multitask, multitask, all of this multitask, to overwhelm, I hear to overwhelm.
It's the overwhelming 9/11 to overwhelm the emergency lines, to overwhelm.
I see blocks to overwhelm.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Hallelujah.
It's about the beef, too.
It's about the beef.
I see a triangle.
It's the pyramid of needs.
Braden, I hear the pyramid of needs, the necessity of needs.
Hear me?
Yes.
This is what they're attacking: the necessity of needs, the pyramid.
I hear this, the pyramid of needs with man, with humans.
It's trying to attack morale.
What's coming?
I see a storm of the pyramid of needs.
I see the Holy Spirit, because I see the pyramid of needs.
I see people, I see man.
It's to bring fear for control, fear because they're losing control.
They're losing their voice.
And the deep state, they're losing their voice.
And I see planned attacks to get you to look at the media again, because alternative media is stronger and they want to bring you back over here because they're losing their voice.
And how do you do this?
By bringing fear.
To bring fear is to bring control.
And I hear the Lord say that bringing fear brings control.
And Lucifer, Satan, is over fear.
His method of operation is fear to control.
And you control the meat, you control the food supply, you control the banking, you control this, you control the media, and you start to control the people's vacationing, people being afraid of vacationing.
I see Mickey Mouse again.
I see Orlando.
I see fear, it's to control Europe.
It's to control Italy.
I see the Vatican, I see Rome.
Watch the jet streams.
Watch the jet streams concerning these volcanoes.
Watch the jet streams, unusual jet streams.
Oh Father, you can stay.
I hear it, I hear the beat all over the place.
It's like it's scattered all over the place, the scattering all over the place.
There's so many events, I'm bouncing.
I can see all around the world.
It's a multitask body, each one biting off a little piece at a time, for many hands make light work.
It's a broad stroke, you see all of it.
There's so many things concerning different sectors that each one can be assigned to.
Go to the pool that I've called you to pull from.
Going to is going to the things that I've called you to do.
Go.
He said teams of prayers, teams of assigned prayer warriors, teams of their assignments, prayer assignments, prayer assignments.
You go up high like the eagle and you look out, and then you tell the people down below, you say, 'You go to this wall, you go to this wall, you go to this wall.
' Everybody has an assignment, but many hands make light work.
Every assignment brings the puzzle together.
Everyone has a part to play.
And then you're praying over the churches.
A surprise attack in your churches, surprise attack in your churches.
Canada, attacks in Canada, in the churches.
I see terrorist attacks in Canada, in Toronto.
There's assignments in Toronto to disrupt churches, pastors in churches, and attacks in churches in Toronto, British Columbia, across Canada.
They're trying to set the churches on fire.
Arsonists.
I hear arsonists in Canada, arsonists to burn the churches in Canada.
Arsonists over churches, places of worship.
I see churches burning in Canada.
I see arsonists in Toronto, arsonists in Catholic churches, yep, to burn the churches right here.
And these are Muslim men to burn Christian places of worship.
And this is the same assignment coming to Europe.
I see it burning like Notre-Dame.
Burning churches, places of worship.
They're going to try to burn your churches.
I see it across Europe, across Canada, across America.
They're going to try to burn the churches.
Old buildings, old beautiful churches.
I see old, beautiful churches with stained-glass windows, beautiful ones trying to burn.
I see them burning, with steeples burning.
They're burning up, they're completely gone.
Then the Lord said, 'Persecution comes.
Persecution comes.
' A shaking in the church, a shaking in my church, an awakening of the church, an awakening, poking the giant out of its sleep.
There's a slumber upon my earth, and a poking of the giant will come out of sleep.
A righteous indignation—is that the word?
When you get angry, like you get a righteous indignation, like, 'You shouldn't have done that.
You shouldn't have done that.
' I hear the elders, I hear the boomers, I hear people angry.
They are burning the churches.
You're poking the giant.
You've got to wake up the giant.
I hear the awakening of a giant across the land.
This will happen across Europe.
It will happen in England.
I see a shaking and awakening, like trying to burn national monuments, national treasures.
It's a culture trying to change culture with civil unrest.
This word that I'm talking about, the churches burning, is very strong.
It's a very strong word, a very clear vision, a very big pulse.
When I try to tell you this, I see a heartbeat, a huge heartbeat, a flame in this.
And this is about churches burning.
I don't know what it is; it's an awakening.
And even Lakewood, I'm seeing Lakewood.
I see Joel.
I see a need to pray for Joel.
I see Hollywood Hills burning, the Hollywood Hills burning.
You know where the sign says 'Hollywood'?
I see Hollywood Hills trying to burn again with fires.
I see them setting fires, arsonists.
And every plot, every plan, every pursuit across the land, we call you to be naught, in Jesus' name.
You'll not burn our churches!
Across Canada, we pray for Canada and their churches, Europe and their churches.
I see a poking of the bear, like a poking of the giant.
No, no, no, they will not be able to rig the election.
We call for a fair election in California for Spencer.
We pray for a fair election over Spencer Pratt.
Is that his name?
Yeah.
We call for a fair election in Minnesota.
We call for a fair election over California, over these areas that have had so much fraud.
We call for an uncovering of the fraud, in Jesus' name.
An uncovering of the fraud, that the feds will go in there and fix this.
Uncovering of the fraud across California.
We call for an uncovering of the fraud, in Jesus' name, in the governor's race.
We call for an uncovering of the fraud, in Jesus' name, in the mayor's race, Senate race, House race.
Expose the fraud in Minnesota, in Portland, in Seattle, the voter fraud.
Thank you, Father, for President Trump, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We pray over his mind tonight.
What is that?
I see fingers that look like they've been slammed in a door.
You know when you see those cartoon characters, like on Tom and Jerry, and their hand looks like an accordion when they pull it out?
I see those kind of fingers being smashed.
That's interesting, because whenever it's like that, there are ripples in these fingers that I see, and they move back and forth like an accordion instrument.
It's like crinkles in his fingers, and they have black nails—demonic-looking black nails.
And these hands don't look like normal fingers; they look smashed.
It's a witchcraft spirit, and it's being crushed over California.
We are in the name of Jesus.
It's concerning the voter fraud.
We call victory in the voter fraud in the name of Jesus to be uncovered, that we will turn this in Jesus' name.
We turn this in Jesus' name.
We call an uncovering of the voter fraud.
We claim victory for the right people who got the right votes.
Let the people speak with their voice, not with cheating.
We call the voice to be heard, whatever it is, either it's red or blue.
Whatever the heart of the people is, no government corruption.
We're always going to pray for the red wave, whatever that is.
We want God.
We want the voter.
We want where the heart of the people is, where they are.
But we ask God, You change their hearts.
You change them, that they'll vote good, but no corruption.
No corruption.
That's what we're asking for: a fair election, a fair vote across the land concerning midterms.
Concerning midterms, yeah, that's highlighted right there.
Concerning Senate seats—I see Senate seats.
I see cheating again in other states concerning Senate seats, House seats, trying to rig the election again.
It's much harder this time.
This is very clear.
Oh Lord, we thank You.
Hey, son, let's find all of the Senate seats that are available across the land, and give us a point of contact.
Do you have a point of contact for the Senate seats that are available in the 2026 election?
I mean, not 20—I'm sorry, 2026—the Senate seats and the House seats that are available, all the ones that are—we're going to pray over all these seats.
We'll just pray over them, and we'll pray over the governors' races.
We're going to pray over the governors.
Thank You, Father.
It'll give us a visual contact, but it's about the finances.
I see a disruption in the banking.
Is this it, son?
All right.
So we got Oklahoma, Kansas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina, Florida, Kentucky, West Virginia, Tennessee, South Dakota, North Dakota, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho are all red right now, right, and Alaska.
So those are the ones we—that's what we're praying for.
There's 46 Democrats, 49 Republicans, so there's 31 seats up for grabs, I guess, and 34—is that what it's saying?
270 to win.
So we see the map.
So we'll just find all the independents, toss-ups.
Toss-ups—is that what they're saying for Oklahoma?
Oh, no.
We ain't having no toss-up for Oklahoma.
It's going to be a red wave in Jesus' name.
We just have that for a point of contact.
We know we're just praying over it.
Fair election across the land.
Father, over Georgia, we call a fair election across the land, no rigging the election over the House, the Senate.
We take authority over fraud concerning this nation, concerning voter fraud.
We take authority over it in the name of Jesus.
You cease and desist in your maneuvering, you demonic spirit.
We command voter fraud and manipulation of the vote.
That's it—the fraud of the manipulation of the vote.
But fear, I'm seeing fear.
This is a very strong root.
Fear of burning churches.
Fear of the money, fear of vacation, fear of rioting and pillaging with no kings.
This is a fear to grip you, to get you back over here with masks.
It's to make you watch media again.
They want the news.
We pray over President Trump.
We pray over his kids: Don Jr.
, Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, and Kai, his granddaughter.
We pray over his grandkids.
We pray for protection round about them.
A thousand shall fall at their side, and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him, his wife, his marriage.
Vice President JD Vance, his wife, Usha.
Father, I thank You, Lord, in the name of Jesus, for protection over the families.
Father, for our judges, over our Supreme Court judges, Father, we pray over their hearts right now that they would vote godly morals when they're making their decisions, the Bill of Rights, the Constitution.
Father, we thank You, Lord, over the parades.
There's so many things here.
You see, I mean, the weather, the jet streams—there's so many things I've seen, and it's like you can spend hours on each one because so much needs to be bathed in prayer.
Israel and the surprise attack—I'm seeing it coming out of Syria, it's serious.
Iraq, coming out of Iraq.
This is something serious, a surprise attack, and it's hot outside, and the burning of the churches, earthquakes.
Thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Lord, that we have the victory.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels are warring on our behalf.
The angels—we thank You, Lord, for the angels are warring on our behalf.
The angels of the Lord, the angels of the Lord are warring on our behalf.
We thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Lord, for warring angels.
It's all right, honey.
We'll do it for next time.
I have it right here.
Okay.
It's up for right, yep.
Alaska, Delaware, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon.
So everything—I mean, basically a lot.
Wyoming, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, South Dakota, South Carolina, Rhode Island, Oregon, Oklahoma.
So a lot.
Father, we thank You, Lord, every one of them, no voter fraud.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that things get passed that need to get passed.
And Father, I call forth a wealth transfer in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Father, for the wealth transfer, that we have more than enough to build youth buildings, to get the things done that You need us to do.
I call those things that be not as though they were.
And we thank You, Lord, that we have more than enough to do everything that we need to do, that we lack no good thing.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, that the accounts are full to get the job done in Jesus' name, that we lack no good thing.
People who are wanting to relocate—Father, I thank You, Father, their houses will sell for top dollar, that they'll have favor.
And God, we call their houses to sell.
We call them to find better jobs.
There's so many people looking for, like, Mike at our church, he's looking for a job.
There's so many people looking for jobs.
We ask, Father, right now for good jobs, good-paying jobs that pay well with good benefits, good everything.
Father, I thank You, with more than enough, Father, that they will lack no good thing and that they'll be able to transfer and do the things, be able to go and relocate and be where You've called them to be.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that their houses will sell.
Any kind of demonic hindrance that is trying to block their houses from selling, we call their houses sold in Jesus' name, and that they would have favor with the real estate people, and the closing costs, and everything.
Lord, we call them relocated and in the place of where they're supposed to be without any interruptions anymore.
We say, They're stationing themselves before the revival starts.
And they'll hear you, God, and their debts are paid off.
And they'll have more than enough to be in the right place at the right time in these last days.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for divine assignments and breakthrough in Jesus' name, that they'll have the right house at the right price in Jesus' name.
Do you agree with me concerning that?
You're believing for your house to sell.
You call your house sold for divine assignments, divine places where you're supposed to be, for good jobs, that it just be wide open, the door wide open for you, and just walk.
You'll just go on through, you and your family, wherever you're supposed to be.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Father, good godly houses, good houses, furnished, good furniture, good cars, good everything.
Father, they're blessed.
The children of the Most High God are blessed.
And people see and they go, 'How did you sell your house so quickly?
How did you do that?
' Well, we are led.
The Lord brought the buyer.
We had favor.
Father, we give you—we're quick to give you all the praise.
We're quick to give you all the glory for what's about to happen in these last days.
Divine assignments.
Thank you, Lord, for this list.
We pray over the list.
Thank you, Braden.
You did good on that.
At least we know we'll keep that.
Okay.
We pray, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
We'll just put the list up there and we keep just lifting up over America.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over your elections, Colombia, and Brazil, and all the elections that are coming out.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
Nothing's too big for you.
I feel release.
I mean, we prayed pretty good.
I feel a pull, a lot of pull on that.
I don't know how long we've been praying for, but I feel okay.
There's always tomorrow.
We keep praying.
Two hours and 15 minutes.
That's not too bad.
We talked quite a bit of it, didn't we?
Father, we thank you.
Where is your heart at, Father?
And about us, it's about you.
Where is your heart at?
Yeah.
Well, just pray right there into that.
Is it MetLife, Braden?
I said, 'Huh?
' 'I believe so.
' 'Yeah.
What are you talking about?
' 'We're talking about the soccer games.
Yes.
And you talk about the pyramid.
' 'What?
' 'The needs.
Yeah.
The pyramid of needs.
' That's what they're attacking.
That's basic.
Basic needs.
You show them that.
That's what they're attacking.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
What I saw, the Lord said, 'The pyramid, that's what they're attacking because they can get you in fear.
They can control you.
If they can control this, the Lord said this is what they're going to—they're going to control you if they can control the pyramid of needs.
' That's what the Lord said.
That's interesting, isn't it?
So if they can control those things there, they can control you.
Food, water, warmth, rest, security, safety, intimate relationships, and belonging, love needs.
Interesting.
So the base of the bottom of the pyramid they attack first, right?
Food, water, warmth, rest, security, and safety.
See, being afraid across the nation.
Do you see that?
So it's the food, water, the rest.
The base, the base of the pyramid, not the top of the pyramid, the base.
Food, water, warmth, rest.
Attack the food.
Cattle industry.
Safety.
Yeah.
The basic needs.
Safety, security, making you feel afraid to travel, making your economy bad, attacking so they can get you to look at the media.
So that's what the Lord was showing.
It's the first two right now they're working on.
So intimate relationships, friends, belonging, and love needs.
So the Lord's—the pyramid of needs.
They're attacking the bottom.
It's the base of the bottom, basic needs, and then it goes up, up, up, right?
So the Lord said, 'What?
Look at the pyramid of needs.
' When I was praying, I heard it and He said, 'That's what they're after right now.
' He said He wanted—and Satan is causing fear.
So the basis to intimate relationships comes from church.
Fire in the churches.
Yes.
A need to fellowship with church, going to church.
God relationship.
It should be number one.
But a lot of times you see it that when you go to church, when you see the churches on fire, the Lord says, 'I saw fires across the country.
Fires in Europe.
Fires.
' They're burning the churches.
Isn't that interesting?
Because that's what it was—was based out of prayer.
I saw a pyramid of needs.
And the Lord said that—I don't know, I think it's interesting.
Something to think about here.
As I was praying, I was just like, 'What is that?
' Lord said basic pyramid of needs.
Food, water, shelter, safety.
Fear.
They're going to implement fear in the days ahead.
Fear to control social media, to control drought over the crops, food.
So you eat worm burgers, it busts your morale.
It makes you feel low when you have a bunch of cricket burgers and stuff and you go, 'Well, we don't—you can't go—price of chicken's too expensive at the store, you know.
' Fenway Group.
Is that it, babe?
You were saying about Fenway.
What is Fenway?
I don't know.
Did I say Fenway?
I believe you did.
Yeah.
Okay.
So, what is—where's Fenway at?
Is that a—is that a stadium?
It's a—it's the baseball.
That's it.
Praying over baseball because He brought up baseball, terrorist attacks at baseball games.
Praying for our buildings.
Praying for this.
So we're going to keep praying over Fenway Park.
Fenway.
It's the Boston Red Sox.
Boston.
Yep.
He's brought up Boston how many times?
Praying over Boston.
Praying over the marathon.
Praying over this.
Oh man.
Multitask.
So, well, praise the Lord.
I believe we did pretty good there.
Pray over that soccer game we have this week.
Tomorrow is the basketball game.
Pray over President Trump's birthday, the UFC fighting thing.
I don't feel anything about that.
It's not about that.
It's about the riots.
I see buildings burning in New York again, worse than in Paris.
Thank you, Father.
All over the Middle East.
Saying, 'Yeah, it's another—there's another meteor coming.
This will be seen over New York.
' Another meteor is coming.
A bigger—it will be very bright.
It will show up over New York.
I see One World Tower, that One World building in the background.
I see the whole thing lighting up the sky over New York.
Dasha's dad.
Shalom.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that it's done.
We thank you, Lord for all that you've done tonight.
We give you praise and glory and honor in the mighty name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord for breakthrough, and we consider it done.
We're expecting in Jesus' name.
We're expecting manifestation of the glory.
We're expecting, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Thank you, Father.
We praise you, Lord, in Jesus' mighty name.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, praise the Lord.
I think He's good.
I pray this video blessed you today.
I pray this time of prayer blessed you.
We give you praise, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you show us to pray over.
And we continue to pray over our nation, over President Trump this week.
Be back with me again tomorrow as we sit at His feet.
We love the Lord with all our hearts, and we serve Him, and we give Him all the glory, honor, and praise for all that He's said and with all that He's done on this channel.
We give Him all the glory.
We keep vertical and we keep our eyes on Him because He is the one that's in control of all of it.
He's beautiful to us.
He is amazing.
God is so good, and we worship him and we give him all the highest praise.
Everything is about Jesus.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
He's worthy to be praised.
So we're so thankful for every single one of you, all 8,000 of you that are here right now.
Thank you for praying with us.
And we will be here again tomorrow to keep praying.
It's not even 11 o'clock, so we didn't keep you too late.
So we love y'all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.